.\" Manpage for gen.sh
.\" 
.TH man 8 "28 Jan 2020" "1.0" "Code Generation in BPlus man page"
.SH NAME
props \- Change or display module and environment specific property settings in REDIS.
.SH SYNOPSIS
props [-?] [-i | -d [-f filename] ] [-l] [-d] [-e env] [-h redis-host] [-p redis-port]
.Op .Fl ? 
.Op .Fl i .Fl f .Ar filename
.SH DESCRIPTION
props is an e-bee provided util to manipulate the property settings in REDIS.
E-Bee properties are filed in REDIS as a hashmap under the key "properties".
The system supports the notion of trajectories. All incoming user traffic can be bifurcated so that each session goes into one trajectory or the default trajectory. Currently the system supports a random assignment of traffic to a trajectory. It is conceivable that other factors can influence trajectory allocation.

All trajectories are defined by a redis property called "trajectories". 

For each trajectory, there exists two REDIS keys - trajectory-name.properties and trajectory-name.assignment-criteria. The assignment criteria key is a hashmap that consists of various ways of assigning traffic to a trajectory. The trajectory-name.properties REDIS key stores all the over-ridden (and possibly extra) properties that are defined at the trajectory level.

In summary, trajectories have two parts to them: 
	1.  An algorithm that assigns a user session to the trajectory. Eg: 20% of user sessions must be assigned to this trajectory.
	2.  A set of config parameters and behaviors that are unique. 

Trajectories are used for A-B testing. The "main" trajectory is the default one used when a session is not assigned to a specific trajectory.


.SH OPTIONS
-h and -p for specifying the host name and port number for the redis server that is hosting the property database.
.br
The -l (for list) option lists all the properties available.
.br
The -d (for delete) option deletes a property.
.br
The -i (for import) option imports all the properties from a file (specified using the -f option or stdin if the -f option is not specified)
.br
All inputs for the import must be of the form prop-name=propvalue
.br
.SH POSSIBLE USAGES
$ "props -l" lists out all the available properties 
.br
$ "props -l -t t1" lists out all the properties for trajectory t1 (base properties are listed but t1 specific over-rides are also there) 
.br
$ "props -d -f file1" deletes all the properties that exist in file1. file1 must have the property names in separate lines.
.br
$ "props -i -f file1" imports all the properties from file1. file1 must have properties in separate lines in the form prop-name=prop-value
.br
$ "props -d -f file1 -t t1" deletes all the specific property over-rides for trajectory t1. It does not touch the main properties.
.br
$ "props -i -f file1 -t t1" imports all the specific property over-rides for trajectory t1. It does not touch the main properties.
.br
.SH SEE ALSO
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Raja Shankar Kolluru
